---
title: Science Victories
date: 2017-10-20 15:32:00 -07:00
---

Excerpted from [**The Union of Concerned Scientists**](http://www.ucsusa.org/) :

"  What Have **We Accomplished** Together in 2017?

Thanks in part to your support, the following UCS-backed bills are now law, further protecting our health and environment:

-- [**AB 398**](http://www.ucsusa.org/news/press_release/polluters-will-pay-communities-will-benefit#.Wep7n2hSw2w) extends California's landmark program that makes polluters pay for their global warming emissions and has led to billions of dollars of investments in communities and clean energy. While this was an imperfect bill, UCS believes a price on pollution is critical to California's success in cutting our global warming emissions and growing our clean energy economy.

-- [AB 617](http://www.ucsusa.org/news/press_release/polluters-will-pay-communities-will-benefit#.Wep73GhSw2w) creates substantial new air quality protections in California, including enhanced pollution monitoring and increased penalties for polluters that violate air pollution standards.

-- AB 739 increases the use of zero-emission heavy duty vehicles in the state fleet. This measure will help reduce pollution, cut oil use, and drive innovation in the heavy-duty vehicle market.
AB 134 directs nearly $900 million from polluters to investments in clean transportation technologies, including rebates for electric cars, buses, and trucks.

-- SB 252 helps ensure a sustainable groundwater supply for Californians in the face of a changing climate. The new law makes basic information publicly available about proposed new water wells in areas of our state that are most water-challenged.

Unfortunately, not all our legislative priorities passed this year. The most significant proposal that fell short was SB 100, which would have accelerated adoption of renewable energy and set a goal for 100 percent of our state's electricity to be supplied by clean, zero-carbon resources by 2045. The good news is, this bill is not dead, and we will have new opportunities to push for its passage in 2018.

Through all of this work, UCS supporters like you made a huge impact by emailing and calling your lawmakers to voice your support for strong science-based policies that protect our health, safety, and environment. We are so grateful to you for your involvement in our work—your engagement helps make sure California continues to lead on science-based solutions to climate change like renewable energy and electric vehicles.

I am proud of what we have accomplished in the California Legislature this year and look forward to working with you toward further victories in 2018.

Sincerely,
Jason Barbose
Jason Barbose
Western States Policy Manager
Union of Concerned Scientists—Oakland Office


